---
title: "Welcome"
date: 2008-03-01
updated: 2008-03-01
authors:
  - bmbufalo
original_link: https://brian.bufalo.me/2008/03/01/welcome/
draft: false
---
<pre><code>We started movie night to get out and hang out after work at CompUSA.  After we received word that they were shutting us down for good, we vowed to keep the tradition we started there, alive.  This is the first step in that promise.  Anyone is invited to attend but let me know that you are coming and who you are brining by sending me an email.  We plan on meeting late every other Saturday at Wings for some socializing and drinks (provided your of age...if you are not drink a Pepsi) and then moving over to the theater for the show time.  Above is the calendar with the upcoming show times and dates.  Now it is critical if you plan on showing up to the show &lt;span style="font-weight:bold;"&gt;you need to vote!&lt;/span&gt;  We will have an updated poll with the upcoming movies and the popular ones from the week prior (providing they are still in theaters) and we need you to let us know what you want to see.  Otherwise I get to choose and no one wants that.  For any updates or information check back here often.  There should be updates posted here as often as possible.  My email is also listed so feel free to contact me if you have questions.  Bring spouses, co-workers, friends, and family, just understand that there is no way we are paying for any of them and this is adult night so please leave the young ones with a babysitter.  We plan on making this a fun experience for everyone and look forward to seeing all of our friends and making new ones.&lt;p /&gt;--&lt;br /&gt;Brian M. Bufalo&lt;div class="blogger-post-footer"&gt;&lt;img class="posterous_download_image" src="" height="1" alt="" width="1" /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
</code></pre>
